I just want bang bang bang I don't worry
relationship I just want bang bang bang
I don't want to know your name I just
want bang bang bang I don't want to meet
your mom I just want bang bang bang
fresh you join me and say we give me
that bang bang bang ok Andy listen I
don't want to make sex eat charcoal a
look at anymore take wow so you come
home and you say how she'll touch me
down there I like that I don't think so
any don't have time want to drink
cigarette you know you know does I need
any I tell you watching I just want my
brain I don't want to talk to you I just
want bang bang bang I don't want to know
your name
bang bang bang I don't worry
relationship I just want bang bang bang
sesh because I me and say will you give
me death bang bang bang oh hi share hi
scoop you look so good in that hat why
don't you give me lots of cake round
other things already you want me to do
things to you like the Sun and the moon
idiot I don't have time I have too many
women all I got time for you know what
kiss I just want bang bang bang I don't
want to talk to you I just want bang
bang bang I don't want to know your name
I just want bang bang bang sesh please I
meet and say when you give me that bang
bang bang fish fish fish that you see me
done bang bang bang bang bang bang
chitty bang bang bang
shrug bang bang bang I don't worry
relationship I could fuck bang bang bang
bang bang
you